docs(contributing): recommend `rebase` from `main` (#597)
Universal-Debloater-Alliance/universal-android-debloater-next-generation: CONTRIBUTING.md

As for our branching strategy, we're using [Trunk-Based Development](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/#one-line-summary).

> In short, there's one trunk branch named `main` (AKA `master`). Apart from `main`/`master` there can be different short-lived branches, such as:

Reviewer: I don't prefer abbreviations in the documentation. Surprisingly, there are still people who don't know what it means.

Author: What if we remove it altogether? 👀 IMO, the parentheses are self-explanatory

Do mind that these branch names do only not apply to the addition of packages; for that, we use the following scheme: `[issue number][issue title]`. This can be done [automatically](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-a-branch-for-an-issue) too.

This is how it looks like and works:
![Trunk-Based Development](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/trunk1c.png)

### Syncing branches
If you want to [back-port](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backporting) (GitHub's "Update" and "Sync" buttons) from upstream `main` to any other branch (for testing purposes, or any other reasonable case), it's recommended that you `rebase` rather than `merge` the changes.

> **Don't apply changes to/from arbitrary branches**, that's a recipe for chaos! If you find yourself in a situation where it's absolutely necessary to sync, whether to `merge` or `rebase` should be decided on a case-by-case basis.

Author: Should we specify who decides? It implies "the UDA Org", but it may be taken as "the contributor can decide"

> **Don't apply changes to/from arbitrary branches**, that's a recipe for chaos! If you encounter a situation where it's absolutely necessary to sync non-`main` branches, whether to `merge` or `rebase` should be decided by UDA-org (with some contributor feedback) on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Don't apply changes to/from arbitrary branches**, that's a recipe for chaos! If you encounter a situation where it's absolutely necessary to sync non-`main` branches, whether to `merge` or `rebase` should be decided by the UAD-ng org (with some contributor feedback) on a case-by-case basis.
```

Author: I meant "Universal Debloater Alliance organization". But, on second thought, the ones who should decide merge/rebase are this repo's team not the entire organization

Reviewer: Yeah, and apart from that people would get confused like me. Thanks for the adjustment.

Do mind that these branch names do only not apply to the addition of packages; for that, we use the following scheme: `[issue number][issue title]`. This can be done [automatically](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-a-branch-for-an-issue) too.

This is how it looks like and works:
![Trunk-Based Development](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/trunk1c.png)

### Syncing branches
If you want to [back-port](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backporting) (GitHub's "Update" and "Sync" buttons) from upstream `main` to any other branch (for testing purposes, or any other reasonable case), it's recommended that you `rebase` rather than `merge` the changes.

> "What about branches other than `main`?"

> **Don't**. Applying changes to/from arbitrary branches is a recipe for chaos. Even if it's absolutely necessary, whether to `merge` or `rebase` should be decided on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Don't** apply changes to/from arbitrary branches is a recipe for chaos. Even if it's absolutely necessary, whether to `merge` or `rebase` should be decided on a case-by-case basis.
```
